fix: delete conntrack entries after adding iptables rules on initialization (#1243)
Azure/aad-pod-identity: website/content/en/docs/Configure/feature_flags.md

  - Set `--retry-attempts-for-created=1`, `--retry-attempts-for-assigned=1` and `--find-identity-retry-interval=1` flags in the NMI container to disable the internal retries in NMI.
- If using [helm](../../getting-started/installation/#helm) to deploy aad-pod-identity, you can enable this feature by setting `nmi.setRetryAfterHeader=true` as part of helm install/upgrade.
  - Set `nmi.retryAttemptsForCreated=1`, `nmi.retryAttemptsForAssigned=1` and `nmi.findIdentityRetryIntervalInSeconds=1` flags in the helm install/upgrade command to disable the internal retries in NMI.

## Enable deletion of conntrack entries

> Available from v1.8.7 release

NMI redirects Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) requests to itself by setting up iptables rules after it starts running on the node.

> However these rules are not applicable on pre-existing connections. In such a scenario, the token request will be directly sent to IMDS instead of being intercepted by NMI. What this means is that the workload pod that runs before the NMI pod on the node can access identities that it doesn't have access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these rules are not applicable to pre-existing connections. In such a scenario, the token request will be directly sent to IMDS instead of being intercepted by NMI. What this means is that the workload pod that runs before the NMI pod on the node can access identities that it doesn't have access to.

```

Author: will change

> The `enableConntrackDeletion` flag enables deletion of entries for pre-existing connections to IMDS endpoint, this causes applications which had pre-existing connections to be intercepted by NMI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `enable-conntrack-deletion` flag enables deletion of entries for pre-existing connections to IMDS endpoint, this causes applications which had pre-existing connections to be intercepted by NMI.
```

Author: will change
